Copies Atlas CLI commands for release tag: atlascli/v1.40.0 (#947)
mongodb/docs-atlas-cli: source/command/atlas-api-sharedTierRestoreJobs-createSharedClusterBackupRestoreJob.txt

   :depth: 1
   :class: singlecol

`experimental <https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/cli/current/command/atlas-api/>`_: Restores the specified M2 or M5 cluster.

> MongoDB Cloud limits which clusters can be the target clusters of a restore. The target cluster can't use encryption at rest, run a major release MongoDB version different than the snapshot, or receive client requests during restores. MongoDB Cloud deletes all existing data on the target cluster prior to the restore operation. To use this resource, the requesting API Key must have the Project Owner role. This endpoint can also be used on Flex clusters that were created using the createCluster endpoint or former M2/M5 clusters that have been migrated to Flex clusters until January 2026, after which this endpoint will be sunset. Please use the createFlexBackupRestoreJob endpoint instead. This command is invoking the endpoint with OperationID: 'createSharedClusterBackupRestoreJob'. For more information about flags, format of --file and examples, see: https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/api-resources-spec/v2/#tag/Shared-Tier-Restore-Jobs/operation/createSharedClusterBackupRestoreJob

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MongoDB Cloud limits which clusters can be the target clusters of a restore. The target cluster can't use encryption at rest, run a major release MongoDB version different than the snapshot, or receive client requests during restores. MongoDB Cloud deletes all existing data on the target cluster prior to the restore operation. To use this resource, the requesting API Key must have the Project Owner role. This endpoint can also be used on Flex clusters that were created using the createCluster endpoint or former M2/M5 clusters that have been migrated to Flex clusters until January 2026, after which this endpoint will sunset. Use the createFlexBackupRestoreJob endpoint instead. This command invokes the endpoint with OperationID: 'createSharedClusterBackupRestoreJob'. For more information about flags, format of --file and examples, see: https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/api-resources-spec/v2/#tag/Shared-Tier-Restore-Jobs/operation/createSharedClusterBackupRestoreJob
```
